<pre>
    Title: PROP 0 -- Process and Guidelines
    Author: @kvh
    Status: Active
</pre>


## What is a PROP?

A PROP is a Product Proposal - an idea for a product or service to be offered by
Gitcorp. It is a short document representing the first stage in the journey of a
product from idea to launch. A successful PROP is one that is chosen by the
community (via the process described below) to graduate to the Product
Development phase.


## What types of products are appropriate for Gitcorp?

The "Product" in Product Proposal should be interpreted in the widest possible
sense: anything Gitcorp could create or offer that might benefit some population
of people. Gitcorp seeks to be a growth organization, and therefore prefers
products that have the potential to generate net income; this is not a
*requirement* for a successful product proposal though.


## Who can submit a PROP?

Anyone.


## PROP Process

PROPs are submitted by the author(s) as a merge request to the official Gitcorp
repository, where they may be discussed, refined, and either accepted or
rejected. Discussion on the merge request should focus on making the proposal
the best version of itself possible. Discussion of whether or not it's the right
product for Gitcorp is *prohibited* -- such discussion should be saved for the
Member Vote. Valid reasons a PROP merge request may be declined include:
duplicate idea, insufficient or improper specification, poorly thought-out
proposal; invalid reasons include: perception of the quality of the idea, doubts
about its marketability, etc.

Once a PROP has been accepted and committed, it becomes an official Product
Proposal and is eligible for Gitcorp's Product Selection Process. This process
is mostly undefined at the moment, and will change as Gitcorp grows. Currently,
it consists of a periodic Gitcorp Member Vote, called as necessary, wherein
members discuss the merits of, and then vote on, accepted product proposals.


## Structure of a PROP

A PROP should be short (think one page) and include the following sections:

1. One Line Pitch - a short and accessible description of the product
1. Problem - the problem that the product addresses
1. Solution - the actual product or service being proposed
1. Target Market - the people who have the problem
1. Business Model - how the product will make money, if any at all
1. Competitive Advantage - how Gitcorp is particularly well suited to solve this problem
1. Existing Solutions - other products or offerings that address this problem already

