<pre>
    Title: PROP 1 -- Runbook
    Author: @kvh
    Status: Active
</pre>


## Runbook

#### One click recipes to automate any web task

### Problem

Busy people (e.g. small online business owners, professionals with families)
don't have time to handle the many miscellaneous tasks that crowd their lives:
pay a medical bill, renew a vehicle registration, re-order printing paper, or
sign up for a new credit card deal. They aren't big or important enough to hire
someone to do, but they have an out-sized cost of stress and distraction in
their lives, often get procrastinated, and can become big problems if neglected
too long.

### Solution

Runbook is an AI-driven tool that lets any user create a recipe -- a simple
definition of steps -- to accomplish almost any task on the web. These recipes,
shared among users, allow any user to execute complex tasks with a single click,
or schedule tasks to run in the future or on a recurring basis. Runbook uses AI
to parse web pages intelligently so it understands the semantics and roles of
all elements on the page, allowing users to give it simple, plain-english
commands like "create account" or "purchase the basic subscription". With
Runbook, entire workloads can be automated away.

### Target market

Online business owners are the "beachhead" target market. They have many basic
and complex web tasks associated with their workday, are accustomed to using
software tools to streamline their work, and are willing to pay for effective
software that saves them time and headache.

Growth markets include busy young and middle-aged professionals, who have big
constraints on their time and are comfortable using and paying for new
technology.

### Business model

Runbook has a usage-based pricing model: your first X tasks per month are free,
and then $Y per 10 tasks after that; or similar tiered pricing model.

### Why Gitcorp?

Gitcorp is scratching its own itch: we aspire to automate as much of our own
business processes as possible; Runbook is a tool that will help Gitcorp achieve
that goal. Additionally, the Runbook recipe database will benefit from the
engagement of Gitcorp's open community, and help provide a defensible network of
content and users.

### Existing solutions

- Browser automation frameworks: Selenium, Nightmare, Puppeteer, etc.
- Robotic Process Automation providers: NICE, Automation Anywhere, UiPath, etc.
- Hiring a virtual or personal assistant

