##### STATE OF CALIFORNIA
##### ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION
##### A NONPROFIT PUBLIC BENEFIT CORPORATION

<br>

##### Article I

The name of this corporation is **GITCORP INTERNATIONAL**


##### Article II

A. This Corporation is a nonprofit public benefit corporation and is not
organized for the private gain of any person. It is organized under the
Nonprofit Public Benefit Corporation Law for charitable and public purposes.

B. The specific purpose of this Corporation is to make the world, and the
Gitcorp community, better off.


##### Article III

The name of the initial agent for service of process of the corporation is
LEGALINC CORPORATE SERVICES INC.


##### Article IV

A. This corporation is organized and operated exclusively for the purposes set
forth in Article II hereof within the meaning of Internal Revenue Code section
501(c)(3).

B. No substantial part of the activities of this Corporation shall consist of
carrying on propaganda, or otherwise attempting to influence legislation, and
this Corporation shall not participate in or intervene in any political campaign
(including the publishing or distribution of statements) on behalf of, or in
opposition to, any candidate for public office.

C. The property of this Corporation is irrevocably dedicated to the purposes in
Article 2a hereof and no part of the net income or assets of this Corporation
shall ever inure to the benefit of any director, officer, or member thereof or
to the benefit of any private person.

D. Upon the dissolution or winding up of this Corporation, its assets remaining
after payment, or provision for payment, of all debts and liabilities of this
Corporation shall be distributed to a nonprofit fund, foundation, or corporation
which is organized and operated exclusively for charitable, educational, and/or
religious purposes and which has established its tax exempt status under Section
501(c)(3) of the Code.


##### Article V

The initial street address of this Corporation is 1540 Market st, Ste 100, San
Francisco, CA 94102.
