
### CORPORATE BYLAWS OF GITCORP INTERNATIONAL.

#### ARTICLE 1. OFFICES OF THE CORPORATION.

**Section 1. Principal Office.** The principal office of the corporation and
other offices of the corporation shall be at the locations, within or without
the corporation's state of incorporation (the "State"), as the directors may
specify from time to time. The secretary of this corporation will keep a copy of
the corporation's Articles of Incorporation (or similar incorporating document),
these bylaws, minutes of directors' and shareholders' meetings, stock
certificates and stubs, a register of the names and interests of the
corporation's shareholders, and other corporate records and documents at the
principal office.

**Section 2. Registered Agent.** For receipt of official legal and tax
correspondence from the State of Incorporation, the registered agent of the
corporation (sometimes known as a resident agent, statutory agent, agent for
service of process, or delivery of service address) shall be maintained in
accordance with the requirements of the State of Incorporation.


#### ARTICLE 2. PURPOSE

**Section 1. General Purpose.** The Corporation is a nonprofit public benefit
corporation and is not organized for the private gain of any person.  It is
organized under the Nonprofit Corporation Law of California (“California
Nonprofit Corporation Law”) for public purposes.

**Section 2. Specific Purpose.** The specific purpose of this Corporation is to
make the world, and the Gitcorp community, better off.

**Section 3. No private inurement.** No part of the net earnings of the
corporation shall inure to the benefit of or be distributable to its members,
trustees, officers, or other private persons, except that the corporation shall
be authorized and empowered to pay reasonable compensation for services rendered
and to make payments and distributions in furtherance of the purposes set forth
in Section 1 hereof.

**Section 4. No lobbying.** No substantial part of the activities of the
corporation shall be the carrying on of propaganda, or otherwise attempting to
influence legislation, and the corporation shall not participate in, or
intervene in (including the publishing or distribution of statements) any
political campaign on behalf of or in opposition to any candidate for public
office. Notwithstanding any other provision of these articles, this corporation
shall not, except to an insubstantial degree, engage in any activities or
exercise any powers that are not in furtherance of the purposes of the
corporation.

**Section 5. Dissolution.** Upon the dissolution of the corporation, assets
shall be distributed for one or more exempt purposes within the meaning of
Section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code, or the corresponding section of
any future federal tax code, or shall be distributed to the federal government,
or to a state or local government, for a public purpose. Any such assets not so
disposed shall be disposed of by a Court of Competent Jurisdiction of the county
in which the principal office of the corporation is then located, exclusively
for such purposes or to such organizations, as said Court shall determine, which
are operated exclusively for such purposes.


#### ARTICLE 3. DIRECTORS.

**Section 1. General powers.** Subject to the provisions of the laws of this
state and any limitations in the articles of incorporation and these bylaws
relating to action required or permitted to be taken or approved by the members,
if any, of this corporation, the activities and affairs of this corporation
shall be conducted and all corporate powers shall be exercised by or under the
direction of the board of directors.

**Section 2. Initial directors.** The initial board of directors shall be
comprised of the following initial directors:

Kenneth Van Haren

**Section 3. Number.** The number of directors constituting the board of
directors shall be not less than one nor more than nine. Within such limits, the
number may be fixed or changed from time to time by vote of a majority of the
directors.

**Section 4. Election and Tenure of Office.** The board of directors shall be
elected each year. If this corporation has no members then the board shall be
elected by a majority of the votes of the then current board. If the corporation
has members then the board shall be elected by the members at their annual
meeting. Each director shall hold office for a term of ten years, and
until his successor is elected and qualified, or until his prior death,
resignation, or removal.

**Section 5. Annual meetings.** An annual meeting of the board shall be held
each year at a time and place fixed by the Board. The board may from time to
time provide by resolution for the holding of other meetings of the board, and
may fix the time and place thereof.

**Section 6. Special meetings.** Special meetings of the board shall be held
whenever called by the President or by one of the directors, at such time and
place as may be specified in the respective notice or waivers of notice thereof.

**Section 7. Notice and Waiver.** Notice of any special meeting shall be given
at least five days prior thereto by written notice delivered personally, by mail
or by facsimile to each director at his address. If mailed, such notice shall be
deemed to be delivered when deposited in the United States Mail with postage
prepaid. Any director may waive notice of any meeting, either before, at, or
after such meeting, by signing a waiver of notice. The attendance of a director
at a meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting and a waiver of
any and all objections to the place of such meeting, or the manner in which it
has been called or convened, except when a director states at the beginning of
the meeting any objection to the transaction of business because the meeting is
not lawfully called or convened.

**Section 8. Chairman.** The board may, at its discretion, elect a Chairman. At
all meetings of the board, the Chairman of the Board, if any and if present,
shall preside. If there is no Chairman, or he or she is absent, then the
President shall preside, and in his absence, a Chairman chosen by the directors
shall preside.

**Section 9. Quorum and Adjournments.** At all meetings of the board, the
presence of a majority of the entire board shall be necessary and sufficient to
constitute a quorum for the transaction of business, except as otherwise
provided by law, by the Articles of Incorporation (or similar organizing
document), or by these bylaws. A majority of the directors present at the time
and place of any regular or special meeting, although less than a quorum, may
adjourn the same from time to time without notice, until a quorum shall be
present.

**Section 10. Board Action.** At all meetings of the board, each director
present shall have one vote. Except as otherwise provided by Statute, the action
of a majority of the directors present at any meeting at which a quorum is
present shall be the act of the board. Any action authorized, in writing, by all
of the directors entitled to vote thereon and filed with the minutes of the
corporation shall be the act of the board with the same force and effect as if
the same had been passed by unanimous vote at a duly called meeting of the
board. Any action taken by the board may be taken without a meeting if agreed to
in writing by all members before or after the action is taken and if a record of
such action is filed in the corporate records book.

**Section 11. Telephone Meetings.** Directors may participate in meetings of the
board through use of a telephone if such can be arranged so that all Board
members can hear all other members. The use of a telephone for participation
shall constitute presence in person.

**Section 12. Resignation, Removal, and Vacancies.** Any director may resign at
any time by giving written notice to another board member, the President, or the
Secretary of the corporation. Unless otherwise specified in such written notice,
such resignation shall take effect upon receipt thereof by the board or by such
officer, and the acceptance of such resignation shall not be necessary to make
it effective. Any director may be removed for cause by action of the board.
Directors may be removed from office, and vacancies on the board of directors
may be filled, in any manner allowed by applicable law.

**Section 13. Compensation.** No stated salary shall be paid to directors, as
such for their services, but by resolution of the Board a fixed sum and/or
expenses of attendance, if any, may be allowed for attendance at each regular or
special meeting of the Board. Nothing herein contained shall be construed to
preclude any director from serving the Corporation in any other capacity and
receiving compensation therefore.

**Section 14. Liability.** No director shall be liable for any debt, obligation
or liability of the corporation.


#### ARTICLE 4. OFFICERS.

**Section 1. Number.** The officers of the corporation shall be a president, a
secretary, and a treasurer (or officers with different titles that perform the
similar duties of these officers), which are appointed by the board of
directors, with the optional appointment of one or more vice-presidents at the
discretion of the board. The board of directors may appoint such other
additional officers as it may see fit from time to time. Subject to contractual
agreements approved by the board of directors, officers of the corporation shall
serve at the pleasure of the board of directors, and shall have the authority
and duties specified from time to time by the board of directors, and shall
receive salary and benefits as may be approved by the board.

**Section 2. President.** The president has general supervision, direction, and
control of the day-to-day business and affairs of the corporation, subject to
the direction and control of the board of directors. The president presides at
all meetings of the shareholders and directors and is an ex officio member of
all the standing committees, including any executive committee of the board, and
has the general powers and duties of management usually vested in the office of
president or chief executive officer of a corporation and other powers and
duties as may from time to time be prescribed by the board of directors or these
bylaws.

**Section 3. Treasurer.** The treasurer will keep and maintain, or cause to be
kept and maintained, adequate and correct books and records of accounts of the
properties and business transactions of the corporation. The treasurer will
deposit monies and other valuables in the name and to the credit of the
corporation with the depositories designated by the board of directors. He or
she will disburse the funds of the corporation in payment of the just demands
against the corporation; will render to the president and directors, whenever
they request it, an account of all his or her transactions as chief financial
officer and of the financial condition of the corporation; and have such other
powers and perform such other duties as may from time to time be prescribed by
the board of directors.

**Section 4. Secretary.** The corporate secretary (or other corporate officer
designated by the board of directors to maintain and keep corporate records)
will keep, or cause to be kept, at the principal office of the corporation, a
book of minutes of all meetings of directors and shareholders. The minutes will
state the time and place of holding of all meetings; whether regular or special,
if special, how called or authorized; the notice given or the waivers of notice
received; the names of those present at directors' meetings; the number of
shares present or represented at shareholders' meetings; and an account of the
proceedings. The secretary will keep, or cause to be kept, at the principal
office of the corporation, the original or a copy of the bylaws of the
corporation, as amended or otherwise altered to date, certified by him or her.
The secretary will give, or cause to be given, notice of all meetings of
directors required to be given by law or by the provisions of these bylaws. The
secretary has charge of the seal of the corporation (if applicable) and has such
other powers and may perform such other duties as may from time to time be
prescribed by the board or these bylaws.


#### ARTICLE 5. BOOKS AND RECORDS.

**Section 1. Books and records.** The corporation shall create and maintain such
books and records, including minutes of meetings and financial records, as may
be required by law and any such additional records as may be specified by the
directors and officers from time to time.


#### ARTICLE 6. MISCELLANEOUS.

**Section 1. Regular and executive committees.** The board of directors may
designate one or more regular committees to report to the board on any area of
corporate operation and performance. To the extent allowed under state corporate
statutes, the board of directors also may designate and delegate specific
decision-making authority to one or more executive committees, each consisting
of two or more directors, that have the authority of the board of directors to
approve corporate decisions in the specific areas designated by the board of
directors.

**Section 2. Seal.** The board of directors may adopt, and from time to time
modify, a corporate seal.

**Section 3. Fiscal year.** The fiscal year of the corporation shall be the
period designated by the board of directors.

**Section 4. Amendment.** These bylaws may be amended from time to time by the
directors in the manner permitted by applicable law.

<br>

Certification:

The foregoing bylaws are certified to be the bylaws of the corporation as
adopted by the board of directors on the 16th day of October, 2017.

<br>

**Kenneth Van Haren, Secretary**