# Welcome to Gitcorp üéâ

### Gitcorp is the world's first entirely open business.

Anyone, like yourself, can be a part of Gitcorp. Its primary products and
services, its allocation of capital, its landing page copy, and everything else
in-between are up to the Gitcorp community. Whether Gitcorp is the next Unicorn
ü¶Ñ or a bankrupt entity üêã rests entirely on the contributions of its members.

No profits ever have -- or ever will -- leave Gitcorp: any and all net income
stays within Gitcorp and is allocated however its members see fit. The [Gitcorp
entity](articles.md) and has no owners or shares: its direction is governed by
its [Bylaws](bylaws.md) and its Board of Directors. Gitcorp cannot ever IPO, be
acquired, or take VC investment.

As long as Gitcorp has the $800 to pay its California state franchise tax each
year, it will remain a viable corporate entity. The Gitcorp community, though,
has a bigger vision: for it to become the world's greatest corporation, judged
not by the return on capital to its shareholders but by the benefit created for
its members and the world. Some of us dream of new ways of working and living,
of four-ish hour work weeks and Gitcorp beach offices; others dream of a global,
distributed, dynamic community working together to solve humanity's biggest
problems. Whatever you dream, Gitcorp imagines an alternative future where the
human desire for belonging, purpose, and creation are channeled towards helping,
not accumulating.

Mostly, though, we don't know what Gitcorp will turn into; it's up to you.

To the extent possible, Gitcorp attempts to **automate its business
operations**, letting members focus on building great products and communities.
Modern technology -- APIs, SaaS, automation platforms, digital distribution
channels -- all enable Gitcorp to be successfully run entirely from the internet
by a distributed, global community.


#### Business status üí∏

Bank Balance: $228<br>
2017 YTD Total Corporate Revenue: $0<br>
2017 YTD Total Corporate Operating Expenses: $432.76<br>

**Current Priority Objective:** [PO-1](planning/objectives/po-0001.md) Launch first
revenue generating product
