<pre>
    Title: PO-0 -- Process and Guidelines
    Author: @kvh
</pre>

## Priority Objectives

Gitcorp priority objectives set the top-level goal for the entire Gitcorp
community. They bring focus on the most important challenge facing Gitcorp, and
help members collaborate effectively towards that common goal. Only one Priority
Objective (PO) may be active at a time. The Priority Objective is not intended
to limit members to working exclusively on that objective: Gitcorp does not
attempt to restrict member's work, in general. The Priority Objective is instead
a guide that helps members prioritize work and coordinate efforts.

## How Priority Objectives are chosen

Priority Objectives are decided with a Gitcorp Member Vote (PO-1 excepted). In
general, a new Priority Objective should be set under one of the following
circumstances:

- The previous Priority Objective is resolved or no longer relevant.
- A new, higher priority objective has been identified and needs to be swapped
  in, e.g. an emergency priority, or a fundamental shift in the corporation's
  focus.


## Structure of a PO

A Priority Objective document should include the following sections:

- Objective - A short, clear description of the objective
- Acceptance - The criteria that need to be met to consider the objective
  achieved or completed.
- Challenges - The primary obstacles that stand in the way of completing the
  objective, and the tentative, high-level steps needed to overcome those
  obstacles. These challenges and their tentative solutions should be updated in
  the PO document as progress towards the objective is made.